hello welcome to weave cane today
I want to teach how to make a simulator
for our aquarium very much
economic and very simple we are going to
need a plastic cup
transparent especially especially for
see what happens inside and back the
task a flexible tube 06
also transparent would be best for
can see if any stone is left
inside the school and a knife with
the more the better it sharpened tip
that you do not have a daughter, the process is very
simple a hole is made
at
graphing with patience a lot of patience
because if we go very fast it is possible
to lower the glass is practical
we have to repeat the operation is
important not to go over the hole
use the burr
obtain
a fixation that prevents the
water around and make the task easier
to make the siphon so simple made
that we do not have to put any type
of material like
A) Yes
South American
when we believe that it is approaching
size we need
testing
ah
if it fits surely this first time what
that for him I have not done better to check
ah
what we have
we check now
we swear it's almost almost
now
we have already entered what we do is
keep pulling
in this way that was long and that for
outside
an amount inside enough
big enough so that when you move it
now let's see how to use it from the
source
well I present my aquarium once
we have turned off
the issue and the bomb
we open the lid and I will show you
because this method is so good
for
from the water of kilowatts-hour
it is caught
it would fill the glass and just like that
by communicating vessel would already be
extracting the water
see what quick actions
now let's proceed to your face
catch
it's going away
and we see how the described
remains of food and so on that can be
get accumulated in the background
when using the glass society does not come out
because it's just going through
here
so we can use then this
water if we do not want to create the bathroom
directly because I use it for
plants
taking advantage of the water carries
nutrients generated by fish and
bacteria as would the incoming and
the nitrites the remains of detritus and
organic matter in general be good
water with fertilizer
and this is all I hope you have
liked and if you like to like
you consider subscribe thanks